today I'm gonna show you an electric
vehicle that weighs less than a bicycle
that you can carry with you anywhere but
you can charge off a normal wall outlet
in 15 minutes and you can run it for a
thousand kilometers on about a dollar of
electricity but when I say the word
electric vehicle people think about
vehicles they think about cars and
motorcycles and bicycles and the
vehicles that you use everyday but if
you come about it from a different
perspective you can create some more
interesting more novel concepts so we
built something I've got some of the
pieces in my pocket here so this is the
motor this motor has enough power to
take you up the hills of San Francisco
at about 20 miles per hour
about 30 kilometers an hour and this
battery this battery right here has
about six miles of range or ten
kilometers which is enough to cover
about half of the car trips in the US
alone but the best part about these
components is that we bought them at a
toy store these are from remote control
airplanes and the performance of these
things has gotten so good that if you
think about vehicles a little bit
differently you can really change things
so today we're gonna show you one
example of how you can use this pay
attention that not only how fun this
thing is but also how the portability
that comes with this can totally change
the way you interact with the city like
San Francisco
[Music]
[Applause]
we're going to show you what this thing
can do it's really maneuverable you have
a handheld remote so you can pretty
easily control acceleration braking go
and reverse if you'd like also have
braking
[Applause]
it's incredible just how light this
thing is I mean this is something you
can pick up and carry with you anywhere
you go so I'll leave you with one of the
most compelling facts about this
technology and these times of vehicles
this uses 20 times less energy for every
mile or kilometer that you travel than a
car which means not only is this thing
fast to charge and really cheap to build
but it also reduces the footprint of
your energy use in terms of your
transportation so instead of looking at
large amounts of energy needed for each
person in this room to get around in a
city now you can look at much smaller
amounts and more sustainable
transportation so next time you think
about a vehicle I hope like us you're
thinking about something new thank you
[Applause]
you